Update Avro Message with Kafka Connector Example page (#497)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/kafka-connector/kafka-connector-avro-producer-example.md

Before you begin, set up Kafka by following the instructions in [Setting up Kafka](setting-up-kafka.md).

> ## Set up the Integration project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up the integration project
```

Follow the steps in the [create integration project]({{base_path}}/develop/create-integration-project/) guide to set up the Integration Project.

> ## Creating the Integration logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create the integration logic
```

1. Click `+` on the Extension panel APIs to create the REST API.

2. Specify the API name as `KafkaTransport` and API context as `/publishMessages`. Click create.

<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/kafka-avro-example-1.png" title="Adding a Rest API" alt="Adding a Rest API" />

3. Click the `/resource` default endpoint to open the **Resource View**. Then click the `+` arrow below the Start node to open the side panel. Select **Externals** and click **Add new Connection**. Search `kafkaTransport` and click.
<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/kafka-avro-example-2.png" title="Adding a kafka Connection" alt="Adding a kafka Connection"/>
4. Provide values as below and click **Add**.

>     - Connection Name - Sample_Kafka

Reviewer: Use Backtick for these

    - Connection Type - kafka
    - Boostrap Servers - localhost:9092
    - Key Serializer Class - io.confluent.kafka.serializers.KafkaAvroSerializer
    - Value Serializer Class - io.confluent.kafka.serializers.KafkaAvroSerializer
    - Schema Registry URL - http://localhost:8081
    - Max Pool Size - 100

<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/kafka-avro-example-3.png" title="Create a kafka Connection" alt="Create a kafka Connection"/>

> 5. Click `</>` button to open source view of the XML configuration file of the API and copy the following configuration (source view).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. You can go to the XML configuration of the API (source view) and copy the following configuration.
```

    ```xml
    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
    <api context="/publishMessages" name="KafkaTransport" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
        <resource methods="POST" uri-template="/">
            <inSequence>
                <property name="valueSchema" expression="json-eval($.test)" scope="default" type="STRING" />
                <property name="value" expression="json-eval($.value)" scope="default" type="STRING" />
                <property name="key" expression="json-eval($.key)" scope="default" type="STRING" />
                <property name="topic" expression="json-eval($.topic)" scope="default" type="STRING" />
                <kafkaTransport.publishMessages configKey="Sample_Kafka">
                    <topic>{$ctx:topic}</topic>
                    <partitionNo>0</partitionNo>
                    <key>{$ctx:key}</key>
                    <value>{$ctx:value}</value>
                    <valueSchema>{$ctx:valueSchema}</valueSchema>
                    <keySchemaSoftDeleted>false</keySchemaSoftDeleted>
                    <valueSchemaSoftDeleted>false</valueSchemaSoftDeleted>
                </kafkaTransport.publishMessages>

> 		    </inSequence>

Reviewer: Check the formatting. Remove unwanted tabs

            <faultSequence>
            </faultSequence>
        </resource>
    </api>
    ```

## Deployment

Follow these steps to deploy the exported CApp in the Enterprise Integrator Runtime. 

**Deploying on Micro Integrator**
To deploy and run the project, refer to the [Build and Run]({{base_path}}/develop/deploy-artifacts/#build-and-run) guide.
    

> ## Testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Test
```

````

**Expected Response**: 
!!!info

>     Refer the [confluent documentation](https://docs.confluent.io/platform/current/installation/overview.html) for installing confluent.

Reviewer: What is this doc? Is this required?
